195 Put Sample Application in /reference/examples (#196)
livepeer/livepeer-studio-docs: docs/05-reference/examples.mdx

| [Livepeer Web API Proxy](https://github.com/victorges/livepeer-web-api-proxy) | This Proxy extends the ability to limit access to the Livepeer Studio API for the web so that you can implement your own authentication method (e.g., if security or billing are of concern). You will be able to allow for creating streams directly from the browser without exposing access to an entire account via your API key. You can maintain, i.e. iterate and update, on the live deployment leveraging [fly.io](https://fly.io/) features. |
| [Livepeer NFT Gate](https://github.com/livepeer/livepeer-nft-gate-example)    | This code provides steps to build a Livepeer NFT Gate app so that you can validate that, from a specific contract, a viewer owns an NFT in order to view your livestream.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              |

> | [Livepeer On Demand](https://github.com/livepeer/studio-sample-app)           | This sample application demonstrates the capabilities of what to expect when building with the On Demand feature. When building a project with On Demand, there are several approaches to take, whether more in-depth using the API or plug and play with the SDK.                                                                                                                                                                                     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [Livepeer Studio Sample App](https://github.com/livepeer/studio-sample-app)           | This sample application demonstrates the capabilities of what to expect when building with Livepeer Studio. When building a project with Livepeer Studio, there are examples provided for features such as On Demand or the Video Player. These examples provide a more in-depth approach using the API or plug-and-play with the SDK.                                                                                                                                                                                     |
```

Reviewer: Modified the description for future features to be included such as livestreams
